Remove aptitude from Ansible playbooks (#149)
plasmabio/plasmabio: docs/install/ansible.rst

.. code-block:: bash

    python -m pip install ansible>=2.9

.. note::

>     We recommend ansible >= 2.9 to get ride of unecessary warning message 
>     regarding the use of aptitude.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    We recommend ``ansible>=2.9`` to discard the warning messages 
    regarding the use of ``aptitude``.
```

.. code-block:: bash

>     python -m pip install ansible>=2.9

Reviewer: Maybe we should briefly explain why the version should be `>=2.9`?

Author: That seems reasonable.

I added a note on this topic.
